Plugin: Concat Fields

Description

The Concat Fields transform concatenates multiple fields into one target field. Type in a target field name which always creates a new field. You can optionally use a Separator field or Enclosure between fields and add the fields or free text you would like to concatenate in order.


Options


Options -> General

Option | Description
Transform name | Name of the transform.
Target Field Name | The name of the target field (String type)
Length of Target Field | The length of the string type (setting the meta-data of the String type, this is also used by the Fast Data Dump option for performance optimization)
Separator | Specify the character that separates the fields in a single line of text. Typically this is ; or a tab.
Enclosure | A pair of strings can enclose some fields. This allows separator characters in fields. The enclosure string is optional.

Options -> Fields Tab

This is identical to the fields tab option of the Text File Output transform and has the same functionality.
Option | Description
Name | The name of the field.
Type | Type of the field can be either String, Date or Number.
Format | The format mask to convert with. See Number Formats for a complete description of format symbols.
Length | The length option depends on the field type follows: Number - Total number of significant figures in a number, String - total length of string, Date - length of printed output of the string (e.g. 4 only gives back year)
Precision | The precision option depends on the field type as follows: Number - Number of floating point digits, String - unused, Date - unused
Currency | Symbol used to represent currencies like $10,000.00 or E5.000,00
Decimal | A decimal point can be a "." (10,000.00) or "," (5.000,00)
Group | A grouping can be a "," (10,000.00) or "." (5.000,00)
Trim type | The trimming method to apply on the string. Trimming only works when there is no field length given.
Null | If the value of the field is null, insert this string into the textfile
Get | Click to retrieve the list of fields from the input fields stream(s)
Minimal width | Alter the options in the fields tab in such a way that the resulting width of lines in the text file is minimal. So instead of save 0000001, we write 1, etc. String fields will no longer be padded to their specified length.