Plugin: Google Analytics Input

Description

The Google Analytics Input transform reads data from a Google Analytics 4 account, using the Google Analytics Data API.
TheGA4 Query Explorerprovides a dedicated website to developing and testing queries with the Google Analytics API (outside of Apache Hop).


Configuration

You need a Google Analytics account with access and sufficient permissions to a GA4 property.
You need a Google Cloud project with a service account. The Google Analytics api needs to be enabled for this project.
Check the Google Cloud docs for more information on how thecreate a service accountand toset up a projectfor use with the Google Analytics Data API.


Options


Options -> Google Analytics Connection Settings

Option | Description
Application name | Enter an application name such as "Apache Hop" or leave the default.
OAuth service email | Your Google Developer Service Account’s Email Address (e.g. "<randomcharacters@developer.gserviceaccount.com>").
Key file | The path to the P12 private key associated with your OAuth Service account.
Property Id | the GA4 property to read from

Options -> Query Definition

Option | Description
Start date (YYYY-MM-DD | Specifies the start date associated with the query. The date must be entered in the following format: YYYY-MM-DD.
End date (YYYY-MM-DD | Specifies the end date associated with the query. The date must be entered in the following format: YYYY-MM-DD.
Dimension | Specifies the dimension fields for which you want to query. The Google Analytics Data API documentation provides you with a list of valid inputs and metrics that can be combined.
Metrics | Specifies the metrics fields you want returned. At least one metric must be provided.
Sort | Specifies a dimension field on which to sort.

Options -> Fields

ClickGet Fieldsto retrieve a list of possible fields based on the query you defined. ClickPreviewto preview data based on the defined query.

Options -> Limit Size

Limit the number of rows to retrieve for the specified GA4 property to a number of rows. Set the limit size to 0 to fetch all available rows.